Hey. You know the 5th grade
starts tomorrow again.
What?! Does that mean we
have to get up at 8:00?
Oh, calm down.
- You slept 95% of the summer.
- Yeah.
♪ Last year of elementary school
Last year of bein' a kid ♪
♪ Being on top ♪
♪ I'm gonna go out swingin' ♪
♪ Toy soldiers Dippin'
Dots, fun-size bars ♪
♪ Slip 'N slides Fart
noises, chicken stars ♪
♪ Until they tell me to stop ♪
♪ Last year of elementary
school Biggest kid on campus ♪
♪ I got it made ♪
♪ Sit down, son! I
own all you dorks ♪
♪ I'm so stoked I was
held back in third grade ♪
♪ Okay, okay So we
will not invite Cara ♪
♪ Oh my God, I hate her ♪
♪ Sabrina's kind of cool ♪
♪ We do not do 4th graders ♪
- ♪ So we make a list of friends? ♪
- ♪ Yes, with no weirdos on it ♪
- What about Summer?
- Yeah, she's nice.
Uh, vomit.
- Summer, where's Mommy?
- I'll put you to bed tonight, Kayla.
We're getting older.
Mom'll be gone someday.
It's 5th grade. Time
to be a grown-up.
- Where did she...
- I won't drink coffee or like boys.
- I'll fill my own water bottle, get bangs.
- Is she still gonna...
Everyone got bangs, but my
forehead's getting bigger.
I don't wanna look like a parade
float or an alien and be the talk...
♪ Five more minutes ♪
♪ Cole, this year You have
to get up on your own ♪
♪ Five more minutes ♪
- ♪ Okay, five more minutes ♪
-  Way to be strong, Dad.
♪ Lessening ♪
♪ They say my nut
allergies Are lessening ♪
♪ Once the immune boosters kick in
I can try the kung pao chicken ♪
♪ Welcome, 5th graders Go
right through this door ♪
♪ 'Cause this year, your homerooms
Are on the second floor ♪
The big time!
♪ Please don't step on
The kindergartners ♪
Going to Westlake next year?
My cousin said there's
a kid who smokes there.
- You see anything?
- No. A lot of yappin'. Come on.
- Ah, there we go.
- All right.
Another year, another batch
of 5th grade head cases.
Kabir, Anthony, welcome.
You from New York, new
guy? Patriots suck!
That's New England.
- I think your shirt's on backwards.
- Come on!
- Look at this. Bunch of motormouths.
- Yep. Same old, same old.
I saw Cara in a
sweater from Gymboree.
- There's the snotty clique.
- Tween Queens.
- The Facade Squad.
- Peaking at 11.
- The "sick and should've stayed home" kid.
- Always one.
There's the class clown who
secretly despises himself.
That's hysterical, Cole!
- Thanks, Cole!
- Jeez, how many Coles this year?
Reminds me of the Justin
avalanche of 1991.
God forbid we ever
see a Richie again.
Bro, no way, are you
taller than me now?
The inevitable Cheez Doodle kid.
No, those look like
Dorito fingers.
- We just moved from the Bronx.
- You're new? Wow.
That's hard. Never had to leave friends,
except when we went to Myrtle Beach.
On the flight home, the old
lady next to me had arthritis.
I opened her mustard packet.
- First child.
- No filter.
Never heard the word "enough."
Okay, guys. Are you excited?
Most of you have been going
to this school for five years.
Some of you, seven. And
now you're the big kids.
I hope everyone's met our class
pets, Leonardo and Squirtle.
I'm not touching those things.
Don't they eat, sleep and
poo in the same place?
Hey! I poo where he sleeps.
Now what if I told you
there's a big reward at the end of
this year if you do well in class?
The Academicathalon thing?
Look at her work these
kids. Salinas, what a pro.
Best since Ms.
Bielecky in the '60s.
And what if I told you
this year's winning class
gets a field trip to somewhere
special for a whole day?
Yeah!
Wow!
- Salinas havin' a baby?
- The belly's poppin' a little.
Oh, Zane, I'm afraid you can't
bring snacks into the class.
I'll hold those, just for now.
Cheetos. Wow, didn't
see that coming.
At the end of the year,
our three 5th grade classes
compete in art, debating,
science, and history.
And if our class wins, we get
a trip to Magic Land Park!
Don't they have the Dragon Coaster?
I heard it caught fire once!
- Yeah, it was banned in Europe.
- Yes, but not in Florida.
Yep, havin' a baby.
Okay. Let's see how much
you guys already know.
Who knows what you
call it when a plant…
…converts light to food?
- The conversion's photosynthesis…
- Photosynthesis.
- …turning H2O and CO2 into glucose.
- Into glucose.
- Ah.
- Excellent job, Mia.
Oh. So…
Oh, boy. Divorced parents.
Okay, honey. Thank you.
You're okay. So sweet.
Okay.
Let's look at some of the books
we're gonna read in class this year.
Who's heard of Charlotte's Web?
Oh no. The kids
always cry at the end.
Like kids don't cry enough? We
gotta trigger the garden hoses?
- Crying's for weaklings.
- Right.
We'll meet Fern and
her pig, Wilbur.
It's a stupid book anyway.
- Right. Animals never talk to people.
- Plus, no one gets to eat Charlotte.
You just have to hear about
this delicious spider for days
and get hungry
thinkin' about it.
…like you'll learn this year.
Sorry, Cole? Is there
something you wanna share?
That's so gross!
I can't believe you did that!
Sorry, guys.
Man, that smells good.
Send some of that our way next
time. Gettin' sick of the lettuce.
Hi, Mrs. Salinas!
- Hi, I'm Cole Wiseki's mom.
- Oh, hi.
Can I... Real
quick? For Facebook?
Thanks.
- Cole is a very...
- That's gonna look great. Thank you.
Since when do people
wanna look like ducks?
Isn't that something,
how they've grown?
And in 5th grade, you'll find your
kids wanting to make their own choices.
Embrace it. Let them
make their own mistakes.
How long does this go?
Not terribly long, Dr. Wenger.
Now, some of you may have
heard about Mrs. Salinas', uh,
incident in class.
I want to confirm it has nothing to do
with anything she ate in the cafeteria.
She's just gonna be taking some
time off. A leave, let's say.
Wait. For how long?
Here comes the bomb.
For, uh… Till she has
the baby, let's say.
- What?!
- Having a baby?
Are you sure? Did she
get a second opinion?
Are you kidding me? This is
what happened in 3rd grade!
The substitute was awful!
I'm texting my daughter right
now! She'll be devastated!
You can't just say that!
Look at these lazy class
pets. Do they even move?
- I'd like that job.
- That lizard looks pretty old.
Do I look old?
Mm-mm.
Thank you.
It's a Tuatara. They live
a long time. Till about 75.
Hmm. Never knew that.
Suck on that, hamsters.
Wow. Looks like he's
gettin' close to that.
Bye. Nice seeing you.
Ah, he's nuts.
I mean, you're old, cranky, lazy,
but no way does that make you 75.
Seventy-five.
Seventy-five. Seventy-five.
Underneath it says,
"Here men from the planet Earth
first set foot upon the Moon."
We came in peace...
1949.
- What about it?
- I was born around then.
How many years has
it been since 1949?
No idea. That's addition.
They learn that in 2nd grade.
We're all about fractions.
Great. Why can't they move us around
a little, so we can know more?
Okay, four sixteenths
equals how many fourths?
- She's leaving. They don't hear a word.
- 1966, 1967…
- What're you doin'?
- Trying to count how many years old I am.
1968, 1969, 1970…
I'm out of toes and fingers.
What else can I count with?
I'd tell you, but
there's kids around.
I was talkin' about his tail.
Addition… I… I gotta talk
to some 2nd grade pets.
Forget it. We only see
those pets at fire drills.
They don't happen
until November.
What the...
- Huh? What?
- Is this a fire drill?
It's probably nothing, but let's go.
Anthony, why don't you grab the pets?
Everyone evacuate!
Stop, drop and roll!
I think I'm on fire!
Jeez, we just redecorated!
Someday, cops are gonna carry
that kid off a plane. Huh?
I'll park ya right
over here, fellas.
All right, here we go.
Hey, guys, how was your
summer? Do anything fun?
- Sleep.
- Eat.
- Lot of poopin'.
Terrific. Say, who's
2nd grade again?
- That's me. How ya doin', Lizzy?
- Great.
I'm actually Leonardo. Lizzy's the iguana
in Mr. Marculia's homeroom. You're…
I'm Cinnabun. I know. So
corny. Just got renamed again.
Oh. Well, beats "Thumper."
I guess. What's bad are the Hare ones.
Hare Brain, Hare Piece, Hare-y Potter…
Right, right. Hey, the 2nd graders,
you guys do addition, right?
…Hare Lip, Hare Club For Men.
Yes, and subtraction.
We do both.
Great, okay, look. If
I got here in 1949,
and it's 2023, what
does that make me?
Oh. Uh, I know this
one. A reptile.
Shmuck.
Okay, it was a false alarm.
The school is not on fire.
No, how old would I be?
No. Right, subtraction. Okay,
um, dip, dip, dip, dip, dip, 74.
- Seventy-four. Isn't that right before...
- Upsy-daisies.
Wait, wait! Hold on!
That's the number
before 75, isn't it?
What's the matter?
You look upset.
Cinnabun!
Settle down.
I'm a lizard. Ooh.
That's good. Don't dignify it.
Doesn't matter. I'm doomed.
I'm 74 seventy-fifths dead.
What? That's not for class pets.
When you're in captivity,
75 is the new 70.
And, hey, you wanna live so bad, a
little exercise wouldn't kill ya.
- Like what?
- Blinking's good. That'd be a start.
- I blink.
- Barely.
Fine.
Okay. You didn't have
to dive right in.
Who am I kiddin'?
I can't start this rigorous workin'
out at this point in my life.
It's too late. I blew it.
I wasted my life!
And now, it's almost over.
♪ When a man has to face ♪
♪ That he's about to die ♪
♪ He thinks of all the
things He'd never done ♪
♪ I never ate a snail ♪
♪ Never got to hunt a fly ♪
♪ Just had them fed
to me by everyone ♪
♪ Never ate algae
straight from the sea ♪
♪ Never got nothin' but lettuce
Always lands in Squirtle's pee ♪
- ♪ I never stole
a bird's eggs ♪
♪ Never chased a squirrel ♪
♪ Never got to show
my slick moves ♪
♪ To a girl ♪
Go about your business.
Everyone, meet your new teacher.
This is our substitute?
You have to leave? So soon?
Well, my doctor thinks I need
to rest through my pregnancy.
So until I'm back,
you'll have Ms. Malkin.
It's not brain surgery, gang.
Guys, you don't have
to be afraid of change.
Change is a beautiful
part of life.
♪ There's a time for trees ♪
♪ To lose their leaves ♪
♪ And a time those
leaves return ♪
- Oh, I don't sing.
- Oh, okay.
How about we continue with the class.
I'm gonna teach with Ms. Malkin today...
- Please don't leave us, Mrs. Salinas!
- Oh.
Agh! Down! Now! Down!
No hug! Sit!
In class, we sit up straight, pay
attention, and we are what? You!
What? Oh, my God.
Um, we're quiet?
That's very good listening,
Logan. That's a heart for you.
The hearts are for when the
kids listen. To motivate good...
Listening is not a favor.
When you listen, you get
knowledge, not a carnival prize.
We have a chance
to go to Magic...
Ew. What was that?
Peanut butter and
ham. My dad overslept.
Okay, well, we're out of time, so
let's wish Mrs. Salinas well. Bye-bye.
- But, I... The class is...
- No, no. I know. Out we go.
- Better luck with your own kid.
- Okay, guys, see you in...
Moving on. It's Friday. That means one
student has to take home a class pet.
- What's this now?
- Uh, we don't do that here.
Not anymore. No way.
In my classroom, you will
learn responsibility.
You will feed it properly and
return it in healthy condition.
Alive.
Do we have a volunteer?
- Come on. Somebody raise your hand.
- What?
Remember what happens at the kids' houses?
They forget to feed you or abuse you.
It'll grow back.
- Yeesh.
- Hey, it looked cool in the '90s.
I'm waiting. Volunteer, please.
Don't you get it?
This is my shot.
So I go with one of these kids,
case the house for open windows,
then when I'm alone,
zip! I escape.
- Ha. You couldn't zip when you were 20.
- I'm zipping. And then I really live.
Maybe climb a tree. Swim in
a sewer. See the Everglades.
The Everglades? With those
untamed animals? Are you nuts?
You know they don't even have
names, right? It's anarchy.
You think a rock potato
like you can survive there?
- Your last days will be in a beer can.
- Let's go.
Who's gonna take on
some responsibility?
- Or do I have to pick?
- Well, if no one else will…
I don't want them to feel not
wanted. Everybody wants to fit in
and shouldn't be judged on
looks, species, foreheads.
I have to go indoor
skydiving tomorrow,
but my father'll be home,
so if it's okay to...
- Pick one!
- Okay, the lizard!
Listen, when you're out there in the
wild and those animals come after you,
remember to change your
colors and blend in!
- That's chameleons. I'm not a chameleon.
- Oh, well, then you're a dead man.
Tomorrow's indoor skydiving.
We have to get ready.
It's exactly like skydiving,
except you can't get hurt.
Okay, we have a busy weekend.
Do I have to wear a dress to Grandma's?
It'll be pants weather on Sunday.
Jayda said the word "puke". She
said it wasn’t a curse word. Is it?
I feel bad leaving him. Nobody
wants him near the dinner table.
He's good with his
water. Back soon!
Kayla, don't look scared
of him. That's being mean.
It's on.
Yeah.
He's nice, the new kid Kabir,
but he doesn't talk a lot,
at least not with me.
Maybe he's shy since…
Then I burned my tongue. It
didn't, like, burn off completely,
or I couldn't tell you how
I ate my mozzarella sticks.
Hey, Leonardo. You missed a great movie.
Tomorrow I'll take you down for breakfast.
I hope they have everything bagels left.
I don't know why we get sesame bagels.
Mom asked me to try one, I was like,
"Why would you take off the poppy seeds
and the salt…"
Wait, where are you?
This is a nightmare! I'll be
the kid who killed the lizard,
no matter what I do in my life.
Whether I do drama, be a doctor...
I'll never be a doctor now.
I could work at the DMV.
Hopefully, the one next to Quiznos.
I don't wanna go
far from my parents.
Mother of Godzilla!
What was that?
Well? Who said that?
The wall? Walls don't talk.
Why would a wall say anything?
Why point to it? They say,
"If these walls could talk,"
because they can't talk...
The trophy!
You said something!
You just spoke! Mom!
- No!
- You talked!
You're talking!
I'm telling Mom, or people
will think I'm crazy.
I'll have to go to that school in
Tampa for kids with issues! I...
But please, people can't know!
- Why are your hands wet?
- They're naturally moist.
Please, I'm begging
you to keep quiet.
If people know I talk,
they'll send me to a
scientist or something.
- But I have to tell someone.
- Please.
You're the only one
who can hear me.
Oh. Then why are you whispering?
Because you were,
and it sounded fun.
Do all lizards talk?
I don't know. I never met them
all, but we never talk to humans.
- Why are you talking to me?
- Well, I didn't…
Because I want to.
I think you're nice.
Really? Thanks.
I don't know if people think I'm nice.
It's so hard to read people at school.
People say you're
nice to be nice,
and if they say you're nice,
you'll think they're cool...
I get it.
You say "I get it" a lot.
That's 'cause I understand things.
That's all. "I get it." I've been around.
- Okay. I thought it was something else.
- Like what?
- That you want me to stop talking.
- Oh. Wow.
Really? Like, "Wow,
that's crazy"?
No, more like, "Wow, I didn't
think you were that self-aware."
I can tell. People are too
nice to say I talk too much,
but I can tell from their faces
that I'm talking too much.
Like, old people make this face.
And babies kind of look sleepy.
And the bus driver's face is like,
"Stop." But I can't stop and I…
Sorry, I'm listening.
Please, go ahead.
♪ I always just come out And
say whatever's on my mind ♪
♪ People look okay with it
But maybe they're resigned ♪
♪ I can't help saying more They
smile like they're enjoying ♪
♪ You've no idea How
stressful it is to not know ♪
♪ When my talking
gets annoying ♪
I've seen a lot of kids who
talk a lot. They seem...
♪ I just continue talking And
it feels like things are fine ♪
♪ Then I relax until I see
that look I take it as a sign ♪
♪ They're mad I'm still
talking Or I'm loud or a bore ♪
♪ So I worry that I've lost them I'm
scared, so I start talking even more ♪
Right. This is normal.
A bunch of kids...
♪ I feel like I lack
the ability to tell ♪
♪ When I'm not giving
someone A chance to speak ♪
♪ And because of
that, I get scared ♪
♪ Then believe that I am Not giving
anyone else a chance to speak ♪
I said, "I get it!"
I know I said "I get
it" again. I'm sorry.
It's just that last one wasn't
even a rhyme, it was a repeat.
♪ So, like You're
comfortable in sharing ♪
♪ 'Cause your parents
let you prattle ♪
They don't really like...
♪ But you shouldn't feel self-conscious
Like you're in a losing battle ♪
- Okay, but then how am I gonna...
- ♪ Maybe try to ask a question ♪
Ask a question?
♪ It's exhausting
Like a blink ♪
♪ But the kids who
are most popular ♪
♪ Are the kids who want to
know What other kids think ♪
Wow. It's not like I don't
care about the other kids...
I know. It's great you're good
at talking about yourself.
When people share
stuff, they feel better.
So if you get other kids
talking about themselves,
they'll like being with you. More
than they do already, I mean.
Five-second rule.
Well, that was really
nice. Thank you.
Oh, yeah. Glad to do it.
Hey, remember, you
can't tell anyone, ever.
Or we won't be
able to talk again.
Okay. So I'm your special, secret
friend? That was a question.
Uh, yeah. Sure.
And good question.
- Thanks, Leonardo.
- Call me Leo. Less Ninja Turtley.
Summer. You need to
get to bed, sweetie.
Mom, what's the
square root of 91?
What? Please just get to bed.
I don't mean just any question.
Okay. Right. Got it.
Find your new seats.
Oh, back already? You saw the
whole world in one weekend?
Wow. Hey, how were the Everglades?
How high was the Eiffel Tower?
- What was the Pope like?
- Could you not do that on my pillow?
Put those computers away. We will not
be studying our curriculum on toys.
Russian judge.
Slow down. No running.
No eating the books!
Oh, Coach Kimura.
Oh, I apologize. Let me…
Let me clean that for you.
There we go.
This is so unfair. Ugh! She'll
work us till we have no energy.
Then we'll only get into
schools with drug problems.
Forget about winning the
trip. This is a nightmare.
It's worse than when
I lost my phone.
Worse than when my
dad wore bike shorts.
Worse than when I got lost on a plane,
which is hard to do, but really scary.
Like a horror movie, though my
parents won't let me watch them,
unless you count the furnace
in Toy Story 3, but that...
Oh. What should we
do about it, Jayda?
I'm totally telling my parents
about it. My dad has a lot of pull,
because he gives the
teachers free zit cream,
but you should tell yours too.
Why are you talking to Summer?
- I like her now.
- Uh, I know. I do too.
- What was that all about?
- She likes me. She thought I was fun.
You fun? What'd you do, turn
your head more than once?
Oh, what a showman.
Get all your mean jokes in now,
'cause the next kid who takes
me home is the last kid.
Sure they are,
Mr. Chicken-to-leave.
Whatever you say,
Mr. Wants-to-get-bitten.
Oh, I'm shaking,
Mr. Almost-as-brave-as-Scooby Doo.
Duck, duck, duck, goose!
Ow! Okay. Okay. All right!
That's not the game. Kids!
…the Stamp Act. Eyes up here! For
those of you who did the reading…
- Salinas never taught this stuff.
- Yeah. What's a stamp?
…the first tax levied directly
on American colonists by
the British Parliament.
Skyler, what did I just say?
Answer! How did the
colonists react?
Demerits!
You do not want demerits.
- What's a demerit?
- I think he played for the Clippers.
You're going to leave 5th
grade with discipline,
or you are never going
to leave 5th grade.
Eh.
Who has the discipline to take
a class pet home this weekend?
I'll do it. I'll take Leo again.
"Leo"?
Again? Who would want it twice?
Not one of you is man enough
for middle school, are you?
Ugh. Not now. I'll
take the lizard.
Oh, you'll have so much fun with Leo,
Eli. You think, maybe, I can visit?
Really? That'd be great. Zane's
coming, but we can all hang...
You kids having a fun play date?
Uh…
Sure.
Sorry about those chips,
Zaney. Can't be too careful.
Have a kale cupcake.
Do I have to wear the
safety suit all weekend?
Lizards carry disease, honey.
Kids and dogs are
especially vulnerable.
Um, I think my mom
wants to pick me up.
- Thank you, Julie!
- They had the best time.
Could you go cut his chicken
into non-chokeable pieces?
Hey.
Ow!
Ha-ha.
What? It'll grow back.
You're dressed like a 1950s
astronaut and I'm the weird one?
Oh, now you're threatening
me, Doodlepoo? Do that...
What?
- What...
- Dinnertime, Eli!
Eli, now! You need three hours
to digest your food before bed.
This is totally crazy. You talk?
Just to you.
- 'Cause, uh…
- I'm special?
Uh, yeah, that's right.
Oh. Okay.
But you can't tell anyone.
They'll try to kill me like E.T.
But my parents told me when
someone says, "Don't tell anyone,"
that's when I have to tell.
Well, your parents are right,
but that's with strange humans.
I'm just a strange lizard. Okay?
- Please don't tell. Especially him.
- The drone?
No way. You saw what it did
to the Cheetos out there.
I mean, it's nice
that it's loyal.
Come on. When I was six,
kids thought it was cool.
- Maybe you should say something about it.
- I don't want to hurt its feelings.
I know a way. I've seen kids
break up over the years.
You write down why
you're dumping them,
and it gives the other person
time to soak it in and not snap.
It's a "Dear Drone" letter.
Get a pen and paper.
♪ When you hover
over me all day ♪
♪ I feel safe, but also feel
My social life melting away ♪
♪ I'm not saying That
your caring is a crime ♪
♪ I'd just like to wipe my
own butt From time to time ♪
♪ And I think that you
could Make new friends ♪
♪ Like the 3-D printer
in graphic arts ♪
♪ Or the Theragun massager
Or the yellow Cuisinart ♪
♪ I'm not saying I don't
like you, Mr. Drone ♪
♪ I just want to have the smallest
hope Just visible in a microscope ♪
♪ Of somehow ♪
♪ Not dying alone ♪
He's just doing
it for show. See?
He knows he's recyclable.
Let's just give him some space.
Nobody's ever gonna
like me like he does.
Kid, they don't even know you. Now
you can finally show your stuff.
Uh, I don't have any stuff.
Ah, you just gotta
find your gimmick.
There was a boy in
1998, Mike Djokovic.
He memorized all the words
to "Walkin' on the Sun."
Smash Mouth? No? Look,
it's got a lot of words.
The point is, plenty
of kids have a gimmick.
It's okay. I got a few.
- Uh, get me a caterpillar.
- For real?
Trust me.
Oh, that's perfect.
Okay, here we go.
So gross!
Wait.
What the...
Here, let me show
you something.
Eli, where's your safety suit?
Try doing this.
Very good.
Fore!
- You nailed that thing.
- What was it? A possum?
I don't know, but you
hit it in the jellybeans.
Wanna quit and go
home? Can't top that.
Not everyone's invited.
Yes, I'm back.
Where's your tail? You
escaping one limb at a time?
Just give me some space. I
got hit in the jellybeans.
I forgot that was there.
Salinas was teacher of the year!
That substitute lady's unacceptable.
Do the skin cream samples I give
out mean nothing to you people?
How do I get that
horrible woman replaced?
Dr. Wenger, please.
She's sitting right here.
- So?
- Jay, it's not polite.
Fine.
May I speak about you
as if you're not here?
Listen, my kid was on track to
get into Westlake next year,
Langley Prep in three years,
Dartmouth in seven years,
then a moderately happy
marriage in 14 years.
I paid for that smart board
and this light switch.
If I'm letting you keep
this animal as her teacher,
you're gonna do something
for me to fix this.
Four seconds. Three, two, one.
Pencils down.
Except Jayda,
who will now be getting
two more minutes
due to her permanent jet lag.
Quiet. No discussion.
Now, one of you has to
take home a class pet.
Volunteer or be assigned.
I'll take Leo again.
- What is the deal? Leo? Again?
- You can't take a pet twice, right?
Because I would... I mean,
why do you want him again?
Um, 'cause he was awesome.
- Why do you want him?
- Uh, same reason. Awesome.
Wait. If it's
awesome, I want it.
It's supposed to
say, "Dr. Skin,"
not "Dr. Skid."
S-K-I-N. No D's.
Jayda, I dyed the cat green.
So unoriginal.
Isn't that great,
what I got for you?
- Drake's coming to my party?
- Eh, I'm still on it.
I meant the pop quiz,
the two more minutes.
- Who takes care of you?
- What did Daddy do?
Well, Benji, Jayda's substitute
teacher is a horror show…
Making the kids read big books.
No!
So Daddy got Jayda
something no other kid gets.
What, Daddy?
♪ Extra time The other
kids are sweatin' ♪
♪ All the answers they're
forgettin' All except for mine ♪
♪ 'Cause my kid's
got extra time… ♪
Should we put the lizard in my room?
The birthday party's coming up...
-Not now. Daddy's bragging.
- ♪ Lovin' that extra time ♪
Ugh. It's like the worst day of my
life. Nobody's focusing on my party.
It's going to totally suck, and the
other kids will be happy about it.
What? Why would they be happy?
Because they're all jealous.
Wait. What? Who said that?
That was me.
- Oh my God! You talk?
- No, it's not safe.
- You're the only one who can hear me.
- So awesome! We have a talking lizard!
- I can only talk to you!
- Oh my God! Daddy!
♪ When you roll with
Dr. Skin You're a true VIP ♪
♪ 'Cause rules do
not apply to me ♪
- ♪ Gimme that extra time… ♪
- You only talk to me 'cause I'm special?
Uh, sure.
That makes sense. But can
you do tricks at the party?
Can you rap and play the
piano with your tongue?
Nah, this is just between us. I'm
talking to you to give advice.
- I don't need advice. I'm awesome.
- Nah, you're miserable.
Wait, what?
Just like Emma Lawrence
in '03, Nina Myers in '55,
all pretty, all
rich, all bright.
- So?
- Not done.
All snotty, all secretly hated.
- People were jealous.
- Not of the snottiness.
Look, people don't realize the
pressure someone like me is under.
My family is so amazing, so I
have a lot more to live up to.
I have to get into the best middle
school and have the best party
and, yeah, only the
best people around me.
No, you don't.
Ugh, you don't get what
being awesome's like.
But you're not.
I'm what?
Brace yourself.
♪ Not that great ♪
♪ I know you guys are proud
But your house is kinda loud ♪
♪ And your dad's
a middleweight ♪
♪ Your family's not that great ♪
A middleweight?
- ♪ He's the face on these flyers ♪
- ♪ You live in Fort Myers ♪
- ♪ Our countertops are quartz ♪
- ♪ He gets paid to burn off warts ♪
♪ Mom's like Britney Spears ♪
♪ If you've had six or seven
beers I don't mean to denigrate ♪
♪ We're not that… ♪
Great?
You're great, but
no one's that great.
We're all just
people and lizards.
♪ If you can take a step back ♪
♪ See yourself
for what you are ♪
♪ You'll find that You're
an even brighter star ♪
♪ So then, I'm not that great ♪
There you go.
♪ But I can feel that weight ♪
♪ Coming off like heavy gear ♪
♪ After 11 stressful years ♪
♪ To my fellow average peers ♪
♪ I can finally relate ♪
♪ It's not bad at all to be ♪
♪ Not that great ♪
Bravo.
- Thank you. Great job, guys.
- Thanks.
- Honey, maybe you wanna tip them?
- What? The watches?
- Guys, you want some water? Anybody?
- No, that's okay.
- Okay. Well, thank you.
- Yep. Thanks, Mr. Skin.
- It's "doctor." "Dr. Skin."
- Uh-huh.
Mom, Dad, do we have
any more invitations?
More? I thought we excluded
everyone you wanted.
Yeah, but we made a bigger list.
- Hi, guys. I'm so glad you came.
- Thanks for inviting us.
Of course. How are you?
Uh, wait. I know
this one. We're fine.
That thing sounded like Cole.
Wow. Zane is funny now?
Zane was always funny.
Like in 2nd grade,
when he told Mrs. Lemos that
Superman came from planet Crouton?
- Hey. You kids try the bubble guy yet?
- Dad, we'll get to the bubbles.
This guy's next level.
He makes bubble animals.
Here you go. Next. You're
not holding it right!
Jayda burgers. Jayda taters.
Jayda vegetables.
Please don't do this.
What're you looking at, boss?
Got a problem with compact legs?
What?
You think you got it so great out
there? What do you do in the box?
Uh, I molt.
Occasional blinking.
All right. I'm sorry, brother.
We're fighting the same fight.
I mean, the only fun I've ever had was
biting some of that guy's fingers off.
I've asked you five times
to jump through this hoop.
I'm just, uh… I'm
getting old, you know?
Ever feel like time's running out,
and this is all we're ever gonna know?
Were you just talking to that
horse? Is he having a good time?
I gotta tell you,
the truth is, no animal
wants to be locked inside...
Hey, Jayda. Hey, Leo. I
can't believe how much cool…
Uh, I mean, hey, just Jayda,
are you having a good time?
Thanks for asking me.
My parents never ask.
They just assume I'm
having a good time,
'cause they still don't
realize they aren't that great.
- What would make you have a better time?
- Good question.
♪ If you're The Supreme
Then I'm Diana Ross… ♪
♪ Drop it down low and
take it back high ♪
♪ No, I don't need
introduction ♪
♪ Follow my simple instruction Wind
to the left, sway to the right… ♪
- Okay. Standard magnetic lock.
- Circuits are cross-current.
- Jumper cables. Balloon.
- Right here.
- ♪ Wind to the left,
sway to the right… ♪
This is so fun!
I specifically
said "no mayhem!"
- ♪ Sway to the right… ♪
- ♪ No, I don't
need introduction… ♪
- ♪ True feeling… ♪
- Thanks, PJ.
- Uh, TJ.
- Oh, I'm sorry.
- It's cool. Jacked about the eye contact.
- ♪ True feeling… ♪
Stop that stopwatch.
He's got my wallet.
♪ And I still remember
that night In September ♪
You made it happen,
boss. Greatest day ever.
- Hey, hey, hey.
- Leo! Where's Leo?
- Did someone take him?
- Please, somebody find him. Leo!
Leo! Leo! Leo!
You're not holding it right!
- Leo! Leo!
- Where is he?
Leo!
You guys are really
into that lizard.
He's just awesome.
Cheese!
- I had so much fun at the party.
- Did you get a bubble animal?
Camel went on the waterslide.
- Again? Whatever happened to zipping?
- Oh, you'll know when I zip.
I'll be in the Everglades
dining on maggots
you can only dream about.
You were fun, Leo.
I'll miss you.
If Santa Claus has 39 elves
making 1,981 toys an hour…
Freezing here. How about
giving a guy some shell?
Wait. Ho, ho, Mr. Popular, now
you wanna come in here with me?
It's 65 degrees.
These Central Florida
winters are brutal.
Just a couple of minutes.
Hey, hey! At least
buy me dinner first.
Wait. Are those
my baseball cards?
Call me.
You're talking to them.
- That's why you keep coming back.
- What? No.
Just a little bit.
No, no, no, no. There is no
little bit. We don't talk to them.
These kids are all benefiting from
my insights before I drop dead.
- Okay, so it's about your ego.
- That's not what this is.
It's about sharing my 74 years of wisdom
to help these kids with their issues.
Whether it's breaking up with the
drone or having hand-me-down pants.
Oh, boo-freakin'-hoo.
I had to wear my sister's
shell till I was 16.
I made a huge difference
with that TJ kid.
What? I don't understand.
That's normal.
First one? Usually, it's in the front,
but very nice. You're growing up.
No, no, no. It's my dad.
What's so funny? I told
him that Dave Connaire,
in 1974, all of a sudden, grew a nose
the size of a Buick just like his dad's.
And everybody still loved him,
'cause he was a cool kid, like you.
And the next week, Cole's
problem was even tougher.
You won't do sleepovers, 'cause
you say things in your sleep?
Well, if I'm not gonna tell
anyone about you talking to me,
do you promise not
to tell anyone?
Yeah. Of course.
This isn't my real voice.
I really talk like this. I can't
let them know. I sound ridiculous.
This is priceless.
Well, I fixed it. I told him…
- You sound like a young Bee Gee.
- A what?
How 'bout The Weeknd? Know him?
Yeah, like that.
Last week, he sang at
the winter recital,
and I heard they went nuts.
Nice job, Ms. Malkin.
I'm sorry, was that praise?
Keep it up, and we may
see more of you here.
- The class did great.
- Did they win?
Nah, kindergarten always
wins. Way too cute.
And you should've seen
me last week with Mia.
You mean Huggy? The
human cling wrap?
Excuse me. She has a name.
As you know, her parents
were recently divorced.
Only two hours late
today. Very considerate.
Are you letting him
cut his own hair now?
You can't watch the kids next
weekend, so me and Aurora can have
Valentine's Day together?
I'm asking you one favor!
You don't have any
plans. Because I know.
I'm sorry, but
lizards do not talk.
Parrots, macaws, songbirds,
and certain killer whales.
Don't believe everything
you read on the Internet.
Why would you only talk to me?
'Cause you're nice. You're great at
school, answering all the questions.
- I love to learn things.
- You're a lot quieter around your family.
Don't you ever wanna let 'em see
how big that brain of yours is?
My brother and sister
think I'm weird.
Really?
- You just looked like my grandpa.
- Yeah? Is that a good thing?
Uh-huh.
My grandpa used to talk to me.
He really liked science, and
he would ask me questions,
even if he knew the answer.
What? He sounds
like a great guy.
He was my best friend.
Oh, no, no, no, no. I didn't
mean to get that going.
Please, kid, I hate that.
- I'm sorry.
- Oh, no, no. Don't be sorry.
Just stop. I… I can't handle it.
But my mom says
it's good to cry.
Not where I come from.
Here. Let me calm you down.
I'll sing you a lullaby,
and you'll go to sleep.
♪ Don't cry ♪
♪ Crying's for weaklings ♪
♪ It's lazy and dumb ♪
♪ Dry those tears ♪
♪ They make you look ugly ♪
♪ Suck it up ♪
♪ You mustn't succumb ♪
♪ Everyone's stuck ♪
♪ With something
they're stuck with ♪
♪ Everyone's trapped In
something they hate ♪
♪ What does it solve ♪
♪ To blubber and… ♪
♪ Why not be strong? ♪
♪ Make the best of your fate ♪
♪ Don't cry ♪
♪ It's really annoying ♪
♪ Turn off the faucet ♪
♪ It looks bad on you ♪
♪ I know it's hard ♪
♪ I know you're troubled ♪
♪ But we've all got problems ♪
♪ So boo-freaking… ♪
♪ Hoo… ♪
Whoa. You scared me.
♪ Boo-freaking-hoo ♪
You're just doing
what my grandpa did,
pretending not to know something,
so I can tell you what's right.
Here. Scientific
research has established
that crying releases
oxytocin and endorphins.
These feel-good chemicals help ease
both physical and emotional pain.
I didn't know how to help her, so
I just listened. And that helped.
Wow. So you got this
E.T. scam going.
Got every kid thinking he's
Elliott? This will end badly.
All I know is these
kids'll remember me.
Did you hear about Hammy
#3's funeral last week?
- Hammy #3 died? Didn't know that.
- Exactly.
They say the funeral was a snooze.
No one had anything to say.
I liked that white
spot over his ear.
I liked the way he breathed.
He gave me pinkeye.
My funeral is gonna be packed with
fond remembrances and anecdotes.
Yeah, good for you and your
last week's vocabulary words.
And, buddy, that funeral could
come sooner than you think.
- Me! Me!
- My turn with the Geico thing!
Have fun, Anthony!
Leo's awesome!
These things heads grow back too? Or
just their tails? I'll figure it out.
Oh, no. Call my next of kin. This
is how I want to divide my estate.
Help me!
- What?
- I got your back.
- I couldn't let you do this one alone.
- What are you gonna do?
You lay back. It's harder
to hurt me. I got the shell.
What about giving advice?
Oh, like I don't know
anything? I can do what you do.
Mm.
That was an incredible
move! What strategy!
- Hey!
- …starting to let his…
Go straight to his head.
Hey, over here.
- What?
- Ah!
- Oh, come on!
- Forget that. I talk.
Oh my God. Grandma!
No, no, no. Stop, stop. Can't
do that or we'll all die.
- What? Why?
- I don't know. I… I'm telling you.
- You… You'll die. Just shut up. Calm down.
- Oh, okay.
Fix your phone later. I'm a talking
turtle. I picked you 'cause…
"I like your style."
- Take it down a notch.
- I got this. Now, tell me your problems.
- What?
- I… I can fix your problems. I… I… I…
I seen a lot of things
in that 5th grade room,
and I can help. So come on.
I don't have any problems.
Other than I broke my phone.
Ah-ha. Bully. I get it.
Come on. You're insecure,
right? Every class bully is.
No. I don't know.
You're sad, you got something
tearing you up inside.
Just say it. I'm a talking
turtle. I can't tell anyone else.
Of course I'm a bully. I
don't know what else to do.
- I'm just different. I'm not smart.
- Nah. Everyone's smart in some way.
You're just afraid of trying and
looking not smart. That's textbook.
- What's a textbook?
- You know what? Never mind.
- I'm different in other ways too.
- There you go. Come on. Out with it.
- You won't say anything?
- No. What is it? What's the sadness?
I don't know how
babies are made.
Perfect. That's
very class bully.
Tough on the outside,
a self-hating pile of
cottage cheese on the inside.
- Can you just tell me?
- Oh. About babies? Sure. Here we go.
First, the daddy climbs on the
mommy's back while she's swimming.
He reaches under the
mommy to find her cloaca.
This goes on for about 24 hours.
Then the mommy comes ashore, makes a
nest, and deposits eggs in the sand.
My mom made eggs in the sand?
Yes. So the fish don't eat 'em.
I crushed it. Totally
fixed the kid's problem.
The taping me up, maybe it's
'cause he wants to keep me.
Stop!
You miss your friends
from being held back.
Worried about being behind?
This is a tough time, but these
are the best years. Believe me.
Enjoy not knowing everything.
Enjoy being a kid.
You're a good one.
Do you miss being a kid?
I'm just glad I'm still here.
Okay, every one of you has
had a weekend with Leo here.
So from here on, you'll be taking
home… What's the turtle's name again?
Squirtle. My name is Squirtle.
I think it's Squirtle.
Squirtle sucks.
I beg your pardon? Why?
I don't know. He just sucks.
- I like Leo, though. He's nice.
- The best.
- Yeah! Come on…
- Leo's better than that turtle.
Oh, stop that noise. Stop it! What
is so special about this reptile?
I like his skin.
His skin is like my
grandma's elbows.
Uh, same.
- Same.
- Elbows.
All right. If you all so desperately
want to take home that lizard again,
you'll just have to earn it.
I wanna get picked!
We'll do our homework and
promise to bring it in.
You will all make my class
a model of excellence,
and even win that Academicathalon,
or it's the turtle for all of you.
Yes! Thank you so much.
Was this your dying wish? To
turn a bunch of brats against me?
It's not about us.
It's about the kids.
They're motivated.
They're gonna finish
the year strong.
Yes!
Yeah, Louis Pasteur is the
father of microbiology.
He discovered that dangerous
microorganisms could grow in open water.
Wow! Well, now,
that's impressive.
Class 5-C, you're one step away
from going to Magic Land Park!
How great a job has
our teacher done?
Bravo, Ms. Malkin.
I know a lot of parents weren't
happy when I first brought you in,
due to your rep as
a miserable person.
But if you win the History
Fair on Saturday, we'll...
You'll prove all
the doubters wrong.
Well, Principal Spahn, in the classroom,
sometimes the old ways are the best ways.
I can't believe it.
Back to your posts.
No five-highing.
- Oh, that pic is fire.
- Thank you.
Hey, what is the deal? I've been waiting
for your next Jenga move for 30 minutes.
Now did you make the
costume or did your mom?
Tell the truth. You know
I won't tell anyone.
I only talk to you.
- What?
- Is that another phone?
Uh, I don't know. Uh, must be
on Malkin's desk or something.
Oh.
- Hello?
- Come on.
Leo, where'd you go?
I… I'll be right there.
Leo?
- Hello?
- Hey, pal, toss it here. I'll handle it.
Can you hear me?
Leo?
Yeah, I think Malkin
must have an extra phone.
Anywho, what did Summer say?
Oh my God, you can't
all play Jackie Kennedy.
And, like, we so wanna
slay this History Fair.
I know. That Magic Land
Park trip would be awesome.
Hey, you're awesome because
you tried your best.
That's why I'm your
special friend?
Yeah.
You talk to Skyler too?
I… I just… Only because she...
That's Summer's phone in
there, right behind yours.
- You happy now? For ruining this?
- I don't know what happened.
I… I must've butt-dialed
ya. I mean, butt-shot ya.
You don't even have a butt.
How dare you?
- You talk to all of us?
- You said I was the only one.
You said I was the only one.
- I thought I was special.
- You're all special. I...
I'm sorry! I just…
Seeing you guys getting along
and doing great in class,
it felt like I was actually
making a difference.
You did. This year would've been a
nightmare without you helping me.
Ms. Malkin's so mean. Talking
to you made the class bearable.
I was just worried
if you all knew…
…other people would find out.
You told me not to tell
anyone, and I didn't.
- Nobody did. Because we can keep a secret.
- Yeah.
What, did you tell everyone
I shave my unibrow?
Because I don't.
Hey, the only one he
told about your unibrow,
or that you still eat
your boogers, was me.
- And I barely chuckled.
- What?
I'm leaving.
I tried.
Wait, it's Friday.
Aren't you gonna take me home?
Summer, it's your turn.
Please, I'm so sorry.
How can we trust you
now? That was a question.
All right, what's
everyone doing here?
Oh, you're leaving. Good.
Take the whole day off.
You need to rest up for the
history fair tomorrow. Go home.
Go. Shoo. Come on, out you go.
You and I have a
lot to talk about.
I don't understand.
I… I know I lied to the
kids. What did I do to you?
Excuse me, talking to my students
behind my back? Advising them?
Okay. I feel terrible, but
I was just trying to...
Undermine my methods!
Cheat me out of feeling any
satisfaction from their success.
What? They learned everything you
wanted. Why wouldn't that make you happy?
Don't think you can
analyze me. I'm an adult.
Not a shrieking brat who thinks
reading Canterbury Tales is torture.
It's not torture?
Quiet!
Asking me to be happy when I have
nothing but these four walls.
- What about your family?
- Excuse me, do you see any family?
Oh. Uh, not unless you're
related to the gym coach.
- Those pictures are none of your business.
- Gotcha. Never saw 'em.
I put my whole life into teaching
just to be a mere substitute.
Never had my own class,
never got any respect.
♪ Happy? ♪
♪ You want me to be happy? ♪
Look, I also had dreams
that never happened.
Like seeing the Everglades,
or spreading Salmonella.
But this year, I fell into
something even better.
I really clicked
with these kids.
Uh, maybe it helped, just a little,
that you're a talking animal?
Yeah, but also, maybe it's you.
'Cause I've seen subs come through
this school that kids love.
♪ What about Mrs. Knight? ♪
♪ Nice to the kids Didn't
smell quite right ♪
♪ Remember Mr. Monk? ♪
♪ He was a closet drunk ♪
♪ This may have been
before your time ♪
♪ Miss Losch? ♪
A fine teacher.
♪ She was mine ♪
Wait, you were a student here?
You don't remember me?
I was a lot different.
I was…
♪ Happy ♪
Oh, wow. Yeah.
You were very sweet.
I was adorable. And she…
♪ She made you… ♪
♪ Happy ♪
Yes, she did.
She made me feel like
I could do anything.
And tell me, do
you think she was…
♪ Happy? ♪
She made you her family.
That's what great teachers
do. Even substitutes.
With the little time they have,
they try to make a difference.
And that's what
keeps them happy.
♪ You can feel love
It's not the end ♪
♪ That smile you had
can come back again ♪
♪ Just pull that stick out
your tush And take a cue ♪
♪
From teachers that preceded you ♪
♪ You're not alone ♪
♪ Make a home for them ♪
♪ And embrace your
important role ♪
♪ In shaping them ♪
♪ Body and soul ♪
- ♪ And you'll be ♪
- ♪ And I'll be ♪
♪ Happy ♪
- Well, that felt wonderful.
- I know you got it in you.
You're gonna get those
kids first place tomorrow.
- Oh, you're coming with me.
- No, please. They're mad.
Let… Let them focus on winning.
Well, I'm still taking you.
After they win,
we'll make sure they appreciate
all you were doing for them.
You know what? You are special.
I couldn't sleep last night.
I couldn't stop thinking
about what Leo did to us.
Let's just not talk about
Leo. We're done with Leo.
We're ready. We can win
this thing ourselves.
Good morning, my dear students.
- They look confident.
- You sounded nice. Real warm.
Thank you. I'll keep
you posted when I can.
I'm Betsy Ross.
I designed the first
American Flag in 1776.
But I didn't just say what I
thought the flag should look like,
I listened to others to
see what they thought.
The result was the superior
design we have today,
and also, people liking me more.
I'm Susan B. Anthony.
I played a pivotal role in
the women's suffrage movement
in the 19th century.
But I'm not that special or
great. And neither is my family.
So I can relate to average women
who couldn't vote until 1920.
I'm Winston Churchill. "We
shall fight on the beaches."
"We shall fight them in the
fields and in the streets."
"We shall never surrender,
but we shall let them down
easy, with a nice letter."
- "So they don't lose their minds."
- This is wonderful.
You've taught them life lessons.
I… I can't hear anything.
Can you open your pocket?
They burned me, Joan of Arc, at
the stake, but I am not afraid.
Boo-freaking-hoo!
Everyone's got problems.
I talked about it to a
friend and felt a lot better.
Aw, I think that friend is you.
Malkin's Marvels, you're
going to Magic Land Park!
Congratulations, class!
Yeah!
And to the first substitute to
ever win Teacher of the Year!
You'll be chaperoned by Ms.
Malkin and Coach Kimura.
Oh…
Is it over? We win?
When do I come out?
What's happening?
Ms. Malkin, can we go see Leo?
- Honey, it's about to rain.
- We can't go to our class for one second?
You know what the rain
does to my extensions.
I gotta say, I thought you were
some kind of a twisted animal.
A rabid, bitter bag of
mothballs foaming at the mouth.
But I've never seen my Jayda speak
like that. It's like she's, uh, nice?
That's our Ms. Malkin!
You really got
to know our kids.
- What a special lady.
- Get this woman a full-time job next year.
Oh, I think we
can arrange that.
She's helped Summer
make friends.
Cole's proud of his
voice, thanks to you.
- How'd you do it?
- Well… You know…
That's, um… my stomach.
I… I better go.
She's not gonna make it.
What happened? I
couldn't hear nothing.
Did we win? I thought I
was gonna see the kids.
We're going somewhere
very special.
We're all going to celebrate?
What, a pizza party?
Wow, this pizza's
out in the boonies.
What's goin' on?
You're leaving me here?
What about the kids?
They lost. The class embarrassed
themselves and blamed you.
What? What was
all that cheering?
That was for the other
class. I'm sorry.
What did I do? I've
never felt so bad.
Don't say that. You said the
Everglades was your dream.
Now you can live it out, with no chance
of ever running into the children.
Or their parents. Or the
principal. Or the media.
I said it was my dream.
The kids are what I...
- What?
- Where is he?
- Is he hiding?
- He's not hiding.
He was here.
- You seen him?
- What happened?
What a shame. He
must've run away.
- He left us?
- Oh, look.
There seems to be
some kind of note.
- Leo could write?
- Of course. He could talk.
Oh! He talked to you people too?
Oh, I thought I was special.
"Dear class."
"I've greatly enjoyed my
time with you this year,
but I wish to move on and
finally see the world."
"I realize I broke your trust,
and that can't be fixed."
"But if you would be so kind,
please keep our conversations
secret, so that I'm not harassed,
like E.T. or The Iron
Giant, or Splash,
or the classic, The
Shape of Water."
"Simply attribute your
success to Ms. Malkin,
whose integrity is
beyond reproach."
"Best Regards, Leo."
Well, let's try and be happy for
Leo. He's doing what he wanted most.
But we never even
got to thank him.
That's life, gang. Life gets
more difficult the older we get.
It's called growing up.
♪ When I was ten ♪
♪ I didn't have a single care ♪
♪ And not a single body hair ♪
♪ And life was fine ♪
♪ When I was nine ♪
♪ We still left milk
for Santa Claus ♪
♪ My mom was not in menopause ♪
♪ And life was great ♪
♪ When I was eight ♪
♪ I still could wear
a size one shoe ♪
♪ I thought Big Macs
were good for you ♪
♪ Yes, life was heaven ♪
♪ When I was seven ♪
♪ I knew some dirty
words But thought ♪
♪ That babies came
out of Mom's butt ♪
♪ Like baby chicks ♪
♪ When I was six ♪
♪ My folks would fight
But I was chill ♪
♪ My grandpa and my
gerbils Were still alive ♪
♪ When I was five ♪
♪ I didn't care
that people die ♪
♪ A haircut used to
make me cry way more ♪
♪ When I was four ♪
♪ I didn't need
to have a phone ♪
♪ They hadn't yet invented
drones To follow me ♪
♪ When I was three ♪
♪ I'd laugh for days
when I was two ♪
♪ When someone said
the word doo-doo ♪
♪ There were no rules
when I was one ♪
♪ Except, don't fall ♪
♪ We just had fun ♪
♪ But that was then ♪
♪ When I was ten ♪
Okay, everybody. Be careful
on the Dragon Coaster.
Wipe the chair and
the safety bar.
Doesn't matter what the teacher
says, you call us every half hour.
And don't lick anything.
They tried to put the shift on Kabir
when he was up, but guess what?
- He can hit to right field too.
- Oh!
That is something.
- What do you think Leo's doing right now?
- I have no idea.
Sure, kids, why flip over the
musty old turtle before you leave?
Even though he knows the
truth? But no, everyone's gone!
Everyone but me
and that pathetic…
Wait. Where's the
allergy kid's phone? Ah.
Ha.
Here we go.
There's no time for
lettuce. Flip me!
Okay, we gotta move!
Follow those brats!
Hey.
Shake it off, man. You're
freaking everyone out.
Okay, let's hit it.
Ouch.
This is our last
field trip together.
Why does it feel like our worst?
What?
♪ Now watch me nae nae Okay ♪
♪ Now watch me whip… ♪
- What is going on back here?
- She did it!
- Excuse me?
- I saw it. I saw the whole thing.
She took him out of the terrarium
after you guys left that day.
She took him, and I
wanted to say something,
but her and her vacuum,
they gave me the stink eye, and I
slipped on, uh, somebody else's pee,
and I flipped on my back, and
this whole thing is my fault
'cause I got jealous of my best
friend instead of being happy for him.
I used the camera phone to bust him,
but now I gotta bust you, Demeritface!
He's lying! This turtle can't
be trusted. He turned on Leo.
Come on. You all know Leo's the
reason you got this stupid trip.
He helped you with your
weird kid problems.
That's why you won.
He wanted to do something meaningful
with the rest of his pathetic time,
and he did it.
Why did you say, "The
rest of his time"?
- He's dying!
- What?!
He's gonna be 75. That's
lights out for lizards.
- Oh, no!
- He's dying?
But does Demeritface care? No!
All Demeritface wants
is all the credit!
Another lie!
Then where is he, Ms. Misery?
Where's my best friend,
Demeritface? Where is he?
- Out with it, Demeritface!
- Where is he, Demeritface?
♪ Watch me, watch me Ooh,
watch me, watch me, ooh… ♪
- What did you do with him?
- Stop it! Stop it! Stop it now!
I took him, and
I drove him away.
- That's crazy! Seriously?
- I can't believe you!
He's right, I wanted the credit.
I thought it would make me…
♪ Happy ♪
- He's gonna die thinking we're mad at him.
- Where did you take him?
The Everglades.
You sent him to the Glades?
That's a terrible neighborhood!
- Those crazy animals will rip him apart!
- Ms. Malkin, please help us find him.
We can't not see him again.
Hey there.
We need to change course.
We're going to the Everglades.
What? We're going
to Magic Land Park!
That's what the parents expect,
and that's where we're goin'.
Oh my, our first fight.
Thank you. I'm fine.
Children, we're going
to Magic Land Park.
Thanks, but a little too murky for me.
How… How close are we to a drip tube?
Seriously, the
microorganisms will kill you.
A kid told me that.
You guys never heard
of Louis Pasteur?
What the…
- Someone help me out here.
- Boss, is that you?
Wha... What?
Hey, that's the guy! The guy
who set us free at that party.
That's the guy?
That's the guy.
I don't know what Grandma's thinking.
We'll save him on our own, let's go.
Get this guy some algae.
And some of you.
Boss, you're gonna love it here.
No trainers telling you what to do,
no bratty kids joking
about your compact legs.
But I miss those kids.
What?
They're not bratty. You
just gotta get to know them.
Like this one kid whose father's
back had a gorilla situation.
I got this. You go
back to the kids.
Hey, anybody see
a buddy of mine?
He's green with bumps,
got a tail, wicked ugly.
Okay, moving on.
- We're here, y'all!
- Yes!
And I'm hungry.
- Let's do this.
- Hi, welcome to Magic Land Park.
- Okay. Let me get...
- A Cotton Dragon!
- A Wizard Puffs, please?
- Me too!
- I'll take a Unicorn Balls.
- Huh?
They're jawbreakers. Please?
Okay, gang. You
getting all of this?
Oh, and I need one
Fireblower hat.
Okie doke. Now we're
ready, am I right, kids?
Are you kidding me? Hey!
- Go! Run fast!
- Come on. Move it!
Come on!
Oh my God!
- Come on, Ms. Malkin. Hurry up.
- Faster!
Just go. Go without me!
But you have to drive us!
Come on!
Come on, Ms. Malkin!
Huh?
The Purell!
Whoever did this
will pay! Help!
He's coming!
- We have to get out of here!
- I got this!
- What?
- I'm from the Bronx.
I've been driving
since I was eight.
- Yeah! Yeah! Do it!
- Woo-hoo!
Oh my God!
Hey, pick a lane, lady!
A-ha!
I knew it. Leo?
Hey! Whoa, whoa. No. No, no,
no, no, no. I hate it out here!
And I explained to them, I was
just afraid someone would tell.
But now they're all mad at me,
and my funeral's gonna be
even worse than Hammy #3's.
- Who's Hammy #3?
- I think it's a sandwich at Arby's.
Why you talking
about your funeral?
'Cause it's coming any day.
I'm almost 75 years old.
So what? We live to, like, 110.
What? But Skyler's dad said...
A hundred and ten, unless
eaten by alligators.
I'm 97.
A hundred six. He's
74? He's a tween.
Look how fast he blinks.
I'm gonna live!
This is incredible!
The guy's gonna live!
I gotta get back to those
kids. I can redeem myself!
And we're gonna help you.
The guy's gonna live! The...
I said I was sorry!
I'd kill for lateral movement.
Guys, before you do anything, let's
talk about why you're angry, okay?
Anyone's parents
getting divorced?
- Aren't you gonna stop?
- I'm trying.
But I weigh 80 pounds
and this thing needs oil.
This looks scary. Oh, my God.
Come on!
What the… Is that some
kind of woolly mammoth?
I don't know, but it
could kill us, right?
Uh, definitely.
We're here.
Get back.
- Oh, gosh.
- Oh, no, no, no.
That's a demerit.
You need to chill.
Summer, talk to him.
So I don't know if you know,
but it doesn't really matter.
We were supposed to go to
Magic Land, which is cool.
I've never been there. I don't
like magic and roller coasters.
They just seem really boring.
They're scary, which isn't boring,
but you're not doing
anything, you're just sitting,
when you could be playing
soccer or baking a cake.
I mean, my mom's
on a diet, so...
How could Leo ever
survive out here?
How do we even start
looking for him?
I just don't know.
What? Leo, no!
- Oh, no. Leo!
- Leo!
Leo, we just wanted
to thank you.
I'm so sorry I got
mad. We all are.
We won the trip, Leo.
All because of you.
You made me feel like
I could do anything.
You brought us all together.
I never had a lizard
that taught me so much.
Or any non-lizards either.
I'm not scared. I wanna
hug you one more time.
What? They ate his insides!
I'm not...
Huh?
I'm okay, pal.
- I can't believe it.
- You're all right.
Sorry I scared you. When I
get nervous, I tend to molt.
Old habit.
Awesome!
That was the best funeral
I could ever have.
Wait, but if you guys won,
shouldn't you be celebrating
in Magic Land Park?
We couldn't celebrate. We needed
to see you before you die.
Oh. Uh, who told
you I was dying?
The turt... Uh,
Squirtle told us.
Well, I thought I was,
but I found out I'm not.
- You're not?
- You're not gonna die?
You're not still mad?
This is incredible.
- We love you, Leo.
- Are you crazy?
This is amazing!
I'm so happy!
You're right about the endorphins.
It really feels awesome.
Ah. Oh, boy! Ah!
Still coming. Give me a second.
Hey, glad you're okay.
Sorry about busting you.
I want you to have something.
- Least I could do.
- It's okay. Put it back on.
You're gonna get arrested.
You should all be proud. We've
all learned so much this year.
Now, before I go, I want
to finish something else
that Mrs. Salinas started.
I'm going to read the
rest of Charlotte's Web.
- Ugh, is she kidding?
- Let's just get through it.
"Charlotte was dying."
"'But I feel
peaceful, ' she said."
"'Your success in the ring was,
to a small degree, my success.'"
"'Why did you do all this
for me?' Wilbur asked."
"'Because I liked you,
' replied Charlotte."
"'After all, what's
life, anyway?'"
"'We're born, we live a
little while, we die.'"
"'Perhaps, I was trying to
lift my life a trifle.'"
"'Anyone's life can
stand a little of…'"
What? I was wrong, okay?
Crying's doin' so good for me.
- Still wish I could eat spider babies.
- Nobody's eating any spider babies!
Hi, guys!
Mrs. Salinas.
- I missed you. Come meet Cole!
- Yes!
- Can I hold the baby?
- He's so tiny.
Only one baby.
I guess she didn't bury the other
eggs deep enough in the sand.
♪ Last year of
elementary school ♪
♪ I'm, like, so
over being a kid ♪
♪ Gonna look in the
mirror for stubble ♪
♪ Gonna drink orange
juice With the bubbles ♪
- ♪ I'll say I don't need you ♪
♪ I'll be keeping it steady ♪
♪ I miss you already ♪
How are we gonna get through
middle school without you?
You'll be fine. It
wasn't me. You did it.
You trusted someone to hear your
problems. That's all we need.
Remember, everyone's scared.
So don't keep it to yourself.
Find your Leo to talk to.
It could be your teacher,
your mom, your friend.
Your turtle.
They're ready to listen. I promise
they'll make you feel better.
Ms. Malkin!
Needless to say, you've
made your mark here.
And as I promised, I'm opening up a
class for you to run full-time next year.
Well, thank you,
Principal Spahn.
But I'll need one condition met.
Whatever class I teach, I want
these two alongside me as pets.
Well, okay. I don't see
that being a problem.
- Look at this. We're going with Malkin.
- Change of scenery. Should be good.
Congratulations, meet
your new students.
- Oh God!
- Not in the shell! Keep it clean!
Lot of energy.
This is good, we're finally
gonna learn the alphabet!
- Oh my God!
- Yeah!
♪ Last year of elementary school
Last year of bein' a kid ♪
♪ Being on top ♪
♪ I'm gonna go out swingin' ♪
♪ Toy soldiers Dippin'
Dots, fun-size bars ♪
♪ Slip 'N slides Fart
noises, chicken stars ♪
♪ Until they tell me to stop ♪
♪ Last year of elementary school
Biggest kid on campus, I got it made ♪
♪ Sit down, son! I
own all you dorks ♪
♪ I'm so stoked I was
held back in third grade ♪
♪ Okay, okay So we
will not invite Cara ♪
♪ Oh my God, I hate her ♪
- ♪ Sabrina's kind of cool ♪
- ♪ We do not do fourth-graders ♪
- ♪ We make a list of friends? ♪
- ♪ Yes, with no weirdos on it ♪
- What about Summer?
- She's nice.
Uh, vomit.
♪ Last year of
elementary school ♪
♪ This is the year
people talk to me ♪
♪ The year someone
says, "How are you?" ♪
♪ It's been three years
Since I joined the school ♪
♪ I'm due I'd say I'm due ♪
♪ We think you're due too ♪
♪ Five more minutes ♪
♪ Okay, five more minutes ♪
♪ I just can't wait to go back
It's the first school day ♪
♪ And both Mom and Dad
are gonna take me there ♪
♪ That's not allowed in the
house Is what the lawyers say ♪
♪ But he gives me a big hug
Right on the front stairs ♪
♪ Five more minutes ♪
♪ Cole, you have to get
up On your own this year ♪
-♪ Five more minutes ♪
- ♪ Okay, five more minutes ♪
Way to be strong, Dad.
♪ Lessening They say my nut
allergies are lessening ♪
♪ Once the immune boosters kick in
I can try the kung pao chicken ♪
♪ Welcome, fifth graders Go
right through this door ♪
♪ 'Cause this year your homerooms
Are on the second floor ♪
The big time!
♪ Please don't step On
the kindergartners ♪
♪ Last year Of sleeping
with a night light ♪
♪ Last year Of not
spelling "dessert" right ♪
♪ Last year Of
dominating recess ♪
♪ Last year Of T-shirts
with a princess ♪
- ♪ Mom's food at lunchtime ♪
- ♪ Pockets filled with slime ♪
- ♪ Of temporary tattoos ♪
- ♪ Of dyeing my Bichon blue ♪
♪ Last year And what
we do in grade five ♪
♪ Will decide the
rest of our lives ♪